Team 3 - Addition to results (#31)
SOMAS2021/SOMAS-Final-Report: 005_team_3_agent_design/005_team_3_agent_design.tex

    \item If the agent is not at critical health, a target HP is calculated, which is designed to make an agent's HP converge to 65 if run repeatedly. The food required to reach the target HP level is then calculated, and scaled up if the agent is immoral, or down if the agent is moral.
    \item If the agent is at critical health, the agent aims to escape this state by targeting the weak level HP. The morality of the agent will dictate if it takes just the food it needs from the platform, or more, or maybe even less. However, on the last day before an agent’s death, it must desire to take at least survival food from the platform. This logic is expressed in the diagram \ref{fig:food-diagram}.
\end{enumerate}

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.85\linewidth]{005_team_3_agent_design/images/diagram1.jpg}
    \caption{Food calculation process.}
    \label{fig:food-diagram}
\end{figure}

> To be more specific, an agents’ decision regarding how much food to eat and leave will fall into one of 4 possible categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be more specific, an agents’ decision regarding how much food to eat and leave will fall into one of four possible categories:
```

        Utility                 & 0.009                 & 0.013                  & 0.034                 \\ \hline
    \end{tabular}
    \caption{Experimental results.}
    \label{tab:InitalResults}
\end{table}

> These experiments were run for 500 days, with 50 food for 10 agents and a reshuffle period of 7 days. Each experiment was run 3 times and the average taken. This means there was enough food for every agent to survive at critical level but not enough to keep them all out of critical condition. For this reasons, agents need to communicate and self organise in order to decrease the amount of deaths in this strenuous circumstances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These experiments were run for 500 days, with 50 food for 10 agents and a reshuffle period of 7 days. Each experiment was run 3 times and the average taken. This means there was enough food for every agent to survive at critical level but not enough to keep them all out of critical condition. For this reason, agents need to communicate and self organise in order to decrease the amount of deaths in this strenuous circumstances.
```

> As you can see in \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As you can see in Table \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.
```

> As you can see in \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of  significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see in \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.
```

> \ref{fig:AvgDeaths} further shows how, even as the food in the platform changes, Team 3’s agent always outperforms the selfish and random agents.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Figure \ref{fig:AvgDeaths} further shows how, even as the food in the platform changes, the Team 3 agent always outperforms the selfish and random agents.
```

> \ref{fig:AvgDeaths} further shows how, even as the food in the platform changes, team 3’s agent always outperforms the selfish and random agents.

Reviewer 2: standardise Team N or team N - you use both
```suggestion
\ref{fig:AvgDeaths} further shows how, even as the food in the platform changes, Team 3’s agent always outperforms the selfish and random agents.
```

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.6\linewidth]{005_team_3_agent_design/images/Average_Deaths_of_Agents_Against_Total_Amount_of_Food_On_Platform.jpg}
    \caption{Average deaths of agents against total amount of food on platform.}
    \label{fig:AvgDeaths}
\end{figure}

> In addition, we ran tests where our agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. Five agents from team 3 and five from the respective team in \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition, we ran tests where the Team 3 agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. Five agents from team 3 and five from the respective team in Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  
```

> In addition, we ran tests where our agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. Five agents from team 3 and five from the respective team in \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  

Reviewer 2: numbers instead of spelling them out?
```suggestion
In addition, we ran tests where our agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. 5 agents from team 3 and 5 from the respective team in \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  
```

Author: I personally prefer the other one, to differentiate Team 5 and others

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.6\linewidth]{005_team_3_agent_design/images/Average_Deaths_When_Cooperating_With_Another_Agent_Type.jpg}
    \caption{Average deaths when cooperating with another agent type.}
    \label{fig:AgainstOtherTeams}
\end{figure}

> This indicates that team 3 agents work best with agents from teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates our agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This indicates that Team 3 agents work best with agents from teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates the agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the Team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.
```

> This indicates that team 3 agents work best with agents from teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates our agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of  total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This indicates that team 3 agents work best with agents from teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates our agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.
```

> Finally, we wanted to observe if the total number of agents in the tower had an effect on the outcome of the simulation, and whether fewer agents were able to communicate more effectively. This seemed to be the case, as proven by \ref{fig:DeathsNoAgents}. The lower the total number of agents, the more meaningful connections they can make and the stronger the social network. This is reflected in the two-agent tower experiment, in which they successfully assumed a group identity with no deaths. This occurs because both agents agree to leave each other enough food to survive. The greater the number of agents that are in the tower, the harder it is for them to form a self-preserving social network.In this case, the importance that the agents place on the collective identity does not outweigh their desire to form instinctive, self-preservative characteristics.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Finally, we wanted to observe if the total number of agents in the tower had an effect on the outcome of the simulation, and whether fewer agents were able to communicate more effectively. This seemed to be the case, as proven by Figure \ref{fig:DeathsNoAgents}. The lower the total number of agents, the more meaningful connections they can make and the stronger the social network. This is reflected in the two-agent tower experiment, in which they successfully assumed a group identity with no deaths. This occurs because both agents agree to leave each other enough food to survive. The greater the number of agents that are in the tower, the harder it is for them to form a self-preserving social network. In this case, the importance that the agents place on the collective identity does not outweigh their desire to form instinctive, self-preservative characteristics.  
```

> Finally, we wanted to observe if the total number of agents in the tower had an effect on the outcome of the simulation, and whether fewer agents were able to communicate more effectively. This seemed to be the case, as proven by \ref{fig:DeathsNoAgents}. The lower the total number of agents, the more meaningful connections they can make and the stronger the social network. This is reflected in the two-agent tower data point, in which they successfully assume a group identity with no deaths. This occurs because both agents agree to leave each other enough food to survive. The greater the number of agents that are in the tower, the more difficult it is for them to form a self-preserving social network.In this case, the importance that the agents place on the collective identity does not outweigh their desire to form instinctive, self-preservative characteristics.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, we wanted to observe if the total number of agents in the tower had an effect on the outcome of the simulation, and whether fewer agents were able to communicate more effectively. This seemed to be the case, as proven by \ref{fig:DeathsNoAgents}. The lower the total number of agents, the more meaningful connections they can make and the stronger the social network. This is reflected in the two-agent tower experiment, in which they successfully assumed a group identity with no deaths. This occurs because both agents agree to leave each other enough food to survive. The greater the number of agents that are in the tower, the harder it is for them to form a self-preserving social network.In this case, the importance that the agents place on the collective identity does not outweigh their desire to form instinctive, self-preservative characteristics.  
```

        Utility                 & 0.009                 & 0.013                  & 0.034                 \\ \hline
    \end{tabular}
    \caption{Experimental results.}
    \label{tab:InitalResults}
\end{table}

> These experiments were run for 500 days, with 50 food for 10 agents and a reshuffle period of 7 days. Each experiment was run 3 times and the average taken. This means there was enough food for every agent to survive at critical level but not enough to keep them all out of critical condition. For this reason, agents need to communicate and self organise in order to decrease the amount of deaths in this strenuous circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These experiments were run for 500 days, with 50 food for 10 agents and a reshuffle period of 7 days. Each experiment was run three times and the average taken. This means there was enough food for every agent to survive at critical level but not enough to keep them all out of critical condition. For this reason, agents need to communicate and self organise in order to decrease the amount of deaths in this strenuous circumstances.
```

> As you can see in Table \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in Table \ref{tab:InitalResults}, the results indicate that the agents are capable of significantly reducing their deaths compared to random agents. This difference arises due to the Team 3 agents’ increased communication capabilities via treaties and messages, allowing them to assume a group identity. Random agents take an approach which more closely embodies the selfish approach dictated by classical game theory. As is expected, this is outperformed by a higher degree of organisation in a collective, which successfully models group identity and collective human survival instinct.
```

Figure \ref{fig:AvgDeaths} further shows how, even as the food in the platform changes, the Team 3 agent always outperforms the selfish and random agents.

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{005_team_3_agent_design/images/Average_Deaths_of_Agents_Against_Total_Amount_of_Food_On_Platform.jpg}
    \caption{Average deaths of agents against total amount of food on platform.}
    \label{fig:AvgDeaths}
\end{figure}

> In addition, we ran tests where the Team 3 agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. Five agents from team 3 and five from the respective team in Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we ran tests where the Team 3 agent was placed into the tower along with another teams’ agent. Five agents from Team 3 and five from the respective team in Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} were simulated for 500 days and 100 total food on the platform. In Figure \ref{fig:AgainstOtherTeams} you can see the cumulative deaths of both agent types.  
```

\begin{figure}[htb]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.8\linewidth]{005_team_3_agent_design/images/Average_Deaths_When_Cooperating_With_Another_Agent_Type.jpg}
    \caption{Average deaths when cooperating with another agent type.}
    \label{fig:AgainstOtherTeams}
\end{figure}

> This indicates that Team 3 agents work best with agents from teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates the agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the Team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This indicates that Team 3 agents work best with agents from Teams 5, 4, 2 and 7. Successful cooperation with multiple other agent types demonstrates the agent’s ability to adapt to different situations and work well with agents that are also capable of assuming a group identity, and creating a self-organising structure. This point is also illustrated by examining the large number of total deaths in a tower with random agents. Their ignorant and  unpredictable actions means that the Team 3 agents cannot adapt to their behaviour or form meaningful connections with them. Hence, the system cannot evolve, causing the deaths per time period to remain relatively constant, and the cumulative deaths to be high.
```
